♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH!
KING OF GAMES ♪
IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-D-D-DUEL!
[ECHOING]
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
WHOA! THERE'S
A DUEL OVER THERE!
[CROWD MURMURING]
DUELIST COMIN' THROUGH!
REX RAPTOR, YOU NEVER
HAD A CHANCE.
I KNEW YOU WERE
GOING TO SUMMON
SERPENT NIGHT DRAGON!
THAT'S WHY I HAD
MY MESMERIC CONTROL CARD
READY TO SEND
YOUR DRAGON TO DREAMLAND!
THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE!
HOW DID YOU KNOW
WHAT CARD
I WAS GOING TO PLAY?
WHY, THAT'S SIMPLE.
I'M PSYCHIC.
NOW FINISH HIM OFF,
JINZO!
ATTACK WITH
YOUR PSYCHIC WAVE!
[GROWLING]
NO! MY DRAGON'S
DEMOLISHED!
YOUR LIFE POINTS, TOO!
[GRUNTING]
OH.
Boy:
YA SEE THAT?
REX RAPTOR GOT CREAMED,
BIG TIME!
Different boy:
IT'S 'CAUSE HIS
OPPONENT HAS ESP!
WOW!
I DIDN'T BELIEVE
THE RUMORS,
THEN HE PREDICTED
ALL OF MY MOVES!
NOW I'M DONE!
I'VE GOT
ANOTHER PREDICTION.
YOU'LL HAND ME
YOUR LOCATOR CARD
AND YOUR RAREST CARD.
OHHH!
PROMISE YOU'LL TAKE
GOOD CARE OF IT!?
YOUR SERPENT NIGHT DRAGON
DOESN'T DESERVE
A SLOT IN MY DECK!
BUT I SUPPOSE IT'LL
MAKE A DECENT COASTER
FOR MY DRINK.
[GRUNTING]
WHICH OF YOU COMMONERS
CAN I EMBARRASS NEXT?
UH...
I LEFT MY DECK
AT HOME.
AND I-I CAN'T DUEL
BECAUSE MY, UH--
MY DUEL DISK'S
ON THE FRITZ.
[THINKING]
THEY ALL KNOW MY PSYCHIC REP.
HUH? EXCEPT THAT GUY!
HE LOOKS CLUELESS!
YOU WANNA DUEL?
HMM?
TAKE MY ADVICE
AND STAY AWAY
FROM THIS FREAK!
HE'S ESPA ROBA.
HE DUELS USING ESP!
YOU MEAN
HE'S PSYCHO?
NO! PSYCH-IC!
HE'LL MIND READ
THE CARDS
IN YOUR HAND!
HE'LL KNOW WHAT MOVE
YOU'LL MAKE
BEFORE YOU DO!
YOU GOTTA BE
KIDDIN' ME!
TRUST ME, WHEELER,
I KNOW WHAT
I'M TALKING ABOUT.
HE BEAT YOU
USING MIND CONTROL?
ARE YOU SURE
ABOUT THAT?
HE DESTROYED ME!
THEN LET'S
GET STARTED!
WEREN'T YOU LISTENING?
SURE,
BUT I SMOKED YOU
IN DUELIST KINGDOM,
AND I DUEL
BY MY OWN RULES.
RULE NUMBER ONE
IN THE JOEY WHEELER
RULEBOOK IS:
NEVER BACK DOWN
FROM ANY CHALLENGE!
RULE TWO!
ALWAYS SEEK
OPPONENTS
WITH CRAZY
DUELING TECHNIQUES.
SO I'LL TAKE ON
THIS COSMIC CLOWN,
EVEN THOUGH
HE'S PSYCHO.
PSYCH-IC!
AND HE'LL EAT YOU ALIVE!
JOEY WHEELER...
A-HA! IT'S YOU!
THE RUNNER-UP IN
THE DUELIST KINGDOM TOURNAMENT!
I'D BE HONORED
TO TRY OUT
MY DUELING SKILLS
AGAINST YOU.
[LAUGHING GOOFILY]
WELL, I GUESS
MY REPUTATION
PRECEDES ME!
YEAH, YOUR REPUTATION
AS A FOOL.
I TRIED TO WARN YA,
PEA BRAIN.
[KNOCKING AT DOOR]
WHO'S THERE?
HEY, IT'S JUST ME...
OOPS! I MEAN TRISTAN.
HEY, YOU!
OH, I BROUGHT YOU
A LITTLE ENTERTAINMENT.
A YO-YO?
NO, IT'S A LAPTOP.
OH...
I THOUGHT YOU
MIGHT BE GOING
NUTS UP HERE.
CHECK IT OUT!
THE KAIBA
CORPORATION
IS STREAMING
THE BATTLE CITY
TOURNAMENT
LIVE
ON THE INTERNET!
I THOUGHT WE'D WATCH
JOEY'S NEXT DUEL
TOGETHER.
UM...
TRISTAN, I CAN'T.
OOPS! I MEANT,
I'LL WATCH THE DUEL,
AND I'LL PROVIDE YOU
WITH THE EXCITING
PLAY-BY-PLAY. UH...
THANKS, TRISTAN!
THAT'D BE AWESOME!
JOEY WILL BE SO PSYCHED
THAT WE'RE KEEPING
TABS ON HIM!
ALL RIGHT!
ONE DUEL SIMULCAST
COMING UP!
Tristan, thinking:
UH-OH...
I DON'T EVEN
KNOW HOW TO TURN
THIS THING ON.
STAY CALM...
HAS THE DUEL
STARTED YET?
IT'S DAY TWO
OF THE TOURNAMENT,
AND I STILL HAVEN'T
SEE YUGI.
Yugi, thinking:
WHO SHOULD I DUEL NEXT?
I'VE GOT TO CHOOSE
MY NEXT OPPONENT WISELY.
DID YA HEAR?
JOEY WHEELER'S DUELING
SOME DUDE WITH ESP!
THIS I GOTTA SEE!
C'MON!
THAT MAKES TWO OF US.
LET'S GET
THE STAKES STRAIGHT.
I'M PUTTING UP MY RARE
AND POWERFUL JINZO CARD.
BUT SINCE I'VE ALREADY
FORESEEN YOUR DEFEAT,
I'LL BE TAKING
YOUR TIME WIZARD!
WE'LL SEE!
LET'S DUEL!
READY, ROBA?
[THINKING]
NOT TOO SHABBY,
IF I DO SAY SO
MYSELF.
Woman: OKAY, I FOUND
THE BATTLE CITY
SITE...
NOW WE'LL SEARCH
FOR JOEY...
AND VOILA,
HERE HE IS!
AWW...I COULDA
DONE THAT.
HMM.
OKAY, LET'S SEE HOW
JOEY'S DOING SO FAR.
WHOA! WHAT PERFECT TIMING!
YEAH, THEY'RE
ABOUT TO START,
AND IT'S
JOEY'S TURN!
[THINKING]
COME ON, JOEY!
YOU CAN DO IT.
FOR MY FIRST MOVE,
I'LL PLACE
THIS CARD--HM?
HMMMMMM--
CELESTIAL FORCE,
I CALL UPON YOU.
EH?
MAKE ME ONE
WITH THE PSYCHIC UNIVERSE.
SHOW JOEY'S THOUGHTS
TO ME,
AND EVERY CARD
IN HIS PATHETIC HAND.
[LAUGHING]
THE EXTRA-SENSORY FORCES OF
THE UNIVERSE FLOW THROUGH ME.
YOUR STRATEGIES
ARE HELPLESS
AGAINST MY
ALL-KNOWING POWER!
WHAT'S THIS NEW AGE
NITWIT BABBLING
ABOUT, REX?
NM-NM-NM.
YOU ARE TOAST!
WELL, HERE'S ANOTHER
PREDICTION, ESPA:
I'M GONNA MOP
THE FLOOR WITCHA!
GO! GILTIA
THE DARK KNIGHT!
UH-UH!
YOU'LL HAVE TO THINK
OF A DIFFERENT MOVE!
WHOA!
JOEY MESSED
UP BIG!
NO!
I DON'T THINK JOEY
CAN DO THAT!
HUH--WHAT
DO YOU MEAN?
WHY CAN'T I
SUMMON THAT MONSTER?
HOW DID YA KNOW?!
DID YA SEE IT
IN THE STARS?!
NO, DORK,
IT'S IN THE RULEBOOK.
[BEEPING]
[THINKING]
HM. JOEY
MUST'VE BROKEN
ONE OF KAIBA'S
NEW RULES.
[LAUGHING]
YOU'VE DUELED
BEFORE, RIGHT?
HEY, HE'S PSYCHIC!
IT WASN'T ESP,
BONEHEAD.
YOU PLAYED
AN ILLEGAL CARD!
I DID?
YES. BATTLE CITY'S
NEW RULES SAY
YOU CAN'T SUMMON
A MONSTER
THAT POWERFUL
UNLESS YOU SACRIFICE
A LOWER-LEVEL
MONSTER FIRST.
GET WITH
THE PROGRAM,
WHEELER!
AND YOU
WERE RUNNER-UP
AT DUELIST KINGDOM?
HA! WHAT A JOKE!
ALL RIGHT. THAT'S ENOUGH
OUTTA DA PEANUT GALLERY, HAH?
I PREDICTED
YOU WERE DUMB,
BUT WHO KNEW YOU WERE
THAT MUCH OF A FOOL?
WATCH YASELF,
YA MIND-READIN'
FREAK SHOW!
I WAS JUST GIVIN' YA
A HEAD START
SO I DON'T
BEAT YOU TOO BAD.
HMMMMMM...
COSMIC ENERGIES,
COME TO ME!
AH, THE CELESTIAL FORCES
AND THE UNIVERSAL VIBE
OF PSYCHIC TRUTH
TELL ME THAT THE TOP CARD
IN YOUR HAND
IS THE SWORDSMAN
OF LANDSTAR!
WHAT?
HMM...
HUH? HE'S RIGHT!
COULD HE REALLY HAVE
PSYCHIC POWERS?
NO WAY. I'VE SEEN
DIS TRICK BEFORE!
THIS IS A SCAM!
YOU'RE JUST JEALOUS
OF MY TELEPATHIC POWERS.
MY ABILITY TO TAP
INTO THE COSMIC UNIVERSE
IS TOO COMPLICATED FOR YOUR
PEANUT-SIZED BRAIN
TO COMPREHEND,
JOEY WHEELER.
NOW YOU'RE
TICKIN' ME OFF!
TOO BAD.
NAAH!
NOW I'LL SUMMON
CYBER RAIDER!
AND SINCE YOU HAVE
NO MONSTERS ON THE FIELD....
I CAN DIRECT THE ATTACK
AT YOUR LIFE POINTS!
UNH!
THIS ISN'T MY DAY,
SO FAR.
I CAN'T LOSE
TO THIS MISFIT.
WHAT'S THE MATTER,
WHEELER?
CYBER RAIDER
GOT YOU DOWN?
OR, YOU READY FOR MORE?
[BEEPING]
[THINKING]
HMM. WHAT'S
GOING ON?
JOEY'S GETTING WHIPPED
BY THIS GUY.
IF HE LOSES
THIS DUEL,
HE'S OUTTA
THE TOURNAMENT!
HOW'S HE DOING?
OH!
YOU'RE SUPPOSED
TO BE GIVING ME
THE PLAY-BY-PLAY,
REMEMBER?
IS SOMETHING WRONG?
UM, NO.
IT'S ALL GOOD!
IT'S JUST THAT
THIS DUEL HAS BEEN
SO TOTALLY ONE-SIDED,
IT'S A SNOOZE.
AH! SO THAT MEANS
MY BROTHER
IS WINNING, RIGHT?
UM...SURE!
COME ON, HE WAS
THE RUNNER-UP
AT DUELIST KINGDOM,
AND THIS TIME,
HE'S GOING STRAIGHT
TO THE TOP!
THANKS, TRISTAN.
[SIGHING]
DON'T MAKE ME
A LIAR, JOEY.
Roba: I PREDICT
THAT YOU'RE FINISHED!
YOU WISH, ROBA!
[CHUCKLING]
HMM.
HANG IN THERE, JOEY.
I KNOW YOU CAN BEAT
THIS GUY ON YOUR OWN!
I HAVE A FEELING
THIS SO-CALLED
PSYCHIC DUELIST
ISN'T ALL
HE CLAIMS TO BE.
Boy: LET'S TELL ESPA
WHAT ELSE THIS GUY'S GOT.
I'M PRETTY SURE
THAT I SEE GRACEFUL DICE
UNDER HIS SWORDSMAN.
OKAY, BIG BROTHER.
GRACEFUL DICE IS
UNDER HIS SWORDSMAN.
IT LOOKS LIKE
HE IS A FAKE!
I PREDICT YOU'RE READY
TO QUIT!
YEAH? WELL,
GUESS AGAIN, ROBA.
THIS DUEL'S NOT OVER.
AND I KNOW YOU'RE
UP TO SOMETHING.
First brother:
HOLD ON.
HE JUST DREW ANOTHER
GRACEFUL DICE.
OKAY, BRO,
NOW LISTEN UP...
YOUR OPPONENT JUST PICKED UP
ANOTHER GRACEFUL DICE.
TAPPING IN...
OHM.
[GROANING]
NOT THIS STUFF AGAIN!
AHHHHHHHHH...
YOU JUST DREW YET ANOTHER
GRACEFUL DICE CARD,
AM I RIGHT, WHEELER?
HUH?
THAT GUY'S ABOUT
TO LOSE HIS MIND!
Yugi, thinking:
THIS LITTLE SCHEME
MAY HAVE GOTTEN
THEM THIS FAR
IN THE TOURNAMENT,
BUT I KNOW JOEY WILL
DEFEAT THESE CHEATS!
DON'T FEEL BAD...
NO ONE EXPECTS YOU
TO KEEP UP
WITH MY UNIQUE
TELEPATHIC DUELING POWERS.
I FORESEE THAT YOUR
BATTLE CITY DAYS ARE OVER
AND THAT
YOUR RAREST CARD
WILL BE SITTING
IN MY DECK SOON!
IT'S ALL IN THE STARS,
WHEELER!
HMM!
OHH.
[THINKING]
OLD BLUE HAIR'S
DEFINITELY
UP TO SOMETHIN'.
HE SAID HE "KNEW"
I PICKED UP
A SECOND
GRACEFUL DICE CARD
FROM THE DECK,
AND HE WAS
ALMOST RIGHT...
BUT NOT QUITE.
I THINK IT'S TIME
FOR ME TO PLAY
SOME MIND GAMES
OF MY OWN
WITH THIS CHEAT!
IT'S MY TURN!
I SUMMON SWORDSMAN
OF LANDSTAR!
[GROWLING]
AND NOW,
I'LL PLACE TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN,
AND END MY TURN!
[THINKING]
I'M GUESSING HE PLACED
BOTH GRACEFUL DICE
CARDS FACEDOWN.
[SNORTING]
HOW PREDICTABLE.
GRACEFUL DICE ALLOWS
WHEELER TO ROLL ONE DIE
TO BOOST THE POWER
OF ONE OF HIS MONSTERS.
ITS ATTACK POINTS
ARE THEN MULTIPLIED
BY THE NUMBER ROLLED.
[SPEAKING]
LET ME GUESS.
YOU'RE PLANNING
TO ACTIVATE
BOTH OF YOUR
GRACEFUL DICE CARDS
AS SOON AS MY
CYBER RAIDER ATTACKS...
AND MULTIPLY YOUR
SWORDSMAN OF LANDSTAR'S
ATTACK POINTS.
AM I WARM?
YOU'RE BURNING UP.
HMM.
[THINKING]
BUT YOU'LL BE
EVEN MORE STEAMED
WHEN I PROVE
WHAT A FRAUD
YOU REALLY ARE.
IT'S A GREAT PLAN,
EXCEPT THAT IT WON'T WORK!
THE NEW RULES SAY
YOU CAN ONLY PLAY
ONE GRACEFUL DICE CARD
AT A TIME.
THAT'S RIGHT, WHEELER.
LOOKS LIKE MY POWERS
PSYCHED YOU OUT AGAIN!
IT'S MY MOVE.
I'LL SACRIFICE
CYBER RAIDER...
AND SUMMON
THE FIEND MEGACYBER!
[GROWLING]
Joey:
I'M READY FOR YA!
REVEAL MAGIC CARD,
GRACEFUL DICE!
[THINKING]
HIS FIEND MEGACYBER'S
ATTACK STRENGTH IS 2200,
MORE THAN FOUR TIMES
THE STRENGTH
OF MY MONSTER'S...
BUT IF
THE DIE COMES UP
FIVE OR HIGHER,
I'LL WIN!
[THINKING]
HAH! TALK ABOUT
A LONG SHOT!
HE'LL NEVER GET IT.
COME ON, FIVE OR SIX!
[GRUNTING]
COME ON...
AWWW, ONLY A THREE
THAT MAKES YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK STRENGTH
A MEASLY 1500 POINTS...
WHICH MEANS MY MONSTER
WON'T EVEN BREAK A SWEAT.
FIEND MEGACYBER,
BRING HIM DOWN!
[GROWLING]
HEY, SLOW DOWN, ROBA.
YOU FORGET MY OTHER
FACEDOWN CARD?
WHAT DID I
JUST GET THROUGH
TELLING YOU, WHEELER?
YOU CAN ONLY USE ONE
GRACEFUL DICE CARD
PER TURN!
WHO SAID IT WAS
A GRACEFUL DICE?
HUH?
A SKULL DICE
TRAP CARD!
IS THIS SOME KIND
OF TRICK?
DON'T CHEAT ME!
SKULL DICE REDUCES
YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK STRENGTH
DEPENDING
ON THE ROLL
OF THE DIE.
THE HIGHER
THE NUMBER,
THE MORE
YOUR MONSTER'S
POINTS ARE REDUCED!
NO!
AND NOW THAT YOUR MONSTER
IS BASICALLY A WIMP,
SWORDSMAN ATTACK!
[GROWLING]
AHHH!
LOOKS LIKE YOUR PSYCHIC
FRIENDS DROPPED THE BALL.
I ONLY HAD ONE
GRACEFUL DICE CARD!
[GRUNTING]
YOU'VE BEEN
GETTING SOME
BUM INFORMATION,
AND NOW I KNOW WHY!
BECAUSE OF HOW
I HELD MY CARDS,
YOU KNEW I HAD
TWO DICE CARDS,
BUT YOU COULDN'T
TELL WHICH ONES...
WHICH MEANS,
YOUR ESP GAME
WAS JUST A CON!
YOU COULDN'T SEE
MY CARDS AT ALL!
BUT I'LL BET
YOU GOT FRIENDS
IN HIGH PLACES
WHO CAN,
YOU SNAKE
IN DA GRASS!
OH!
YOU CHEAT!
UH-OH!
BUSTED!!
AH, NICE WORK, JOEY.
NOW YOU'RE IN CONTROL!
[WHISTLE BLOWING]
Mokuba:
VIOLATION!
RUN!
FREEZE!
GOTCHA!
OHH! OHH!
YOUR BROTHER'LL NEVER DUEL
IN THIS TOWN AGAIN!
WE'VE LEARNED
OUR LESSON!
PLEASE, YOU'VE
GOTTA GIVE HIM
ANOTHER CHANCE!
AS THE BATTLE CITY
TOURNAMENT COMMISSIONER,
IT'S MY SWORN DUTY
TO BUST CHEATERS!
GIMME ONE GOOD REASON
WHY I SHOULDN'T
CANCEL THIS DUEL.
YOU JUST CAN'T!
SHOW SOME MERCY,
COMMISH.
OUR BROTHER
ISN'T DOING THIS
FOR THE DUELING
GLORY,
HE'S DOING IT
FOR US!
HUH?
WE'RE CARNIVAL FOLK--
OR AT LEAST
WE USED TO BE...
SINCE WE LEFT THE SHOW,
HE'S KEPT THE BULLIES
OFF OUR BACKS!
YOUR BIG BROTHER
PROTECTS YOU FROM BULLIES?
[THINKING]
THAT REMINDS ME
OF WHEN I WAS
A LITTLE KID.
Boy: AW, DOES THE BABY
NEED A DIAPER?
Different boy:
YEAH! HAH!
WHY DON'T YOU GUYS
TRY PICKING ON ME?
First brother: SEE,
EVERYDAY AFTER SCHOOL,
THE BIG KIDS WOULD
GANG UP ON US.
BUT EVEN BULLIES
RESPECT
A GOOD DUELIST
LIKE OUR BROTHER.
AS LONG AS HE WINS,
THEY LEAVE US ALONE!
WE'RE JUST TRYING
TO MAKE SURE HE DOES.
IT'S YUGI!
Mokuba, thinking:
HE MUST'VE SEEN EVERYTHING.
IT'S STILL CHEATING!
IF I LET YOU GUYS
OFF THE HOOK,
WHAT'S TO STOP YOU
FROM PULLING
THIS STUNT AGAIN?
I'M BEGGING!
LET MY BROTHER DUEL,
OR WE'RE TOAST
AFTER SCHOOL!
JUST GIVE HIM A CHANCE
TO GO LEGIT.
ESPA MAY BE
A BOGUS PSYCHIC,
BUT HE'S A GREAT DUELIST.
[GIGGLING]
HUH?
Mokuba, thinking:
THEY SEEM SINCERE.
I BET YUGI WOULD GIVE THEM
A SECOND CHANCE.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
COME ON...
HAVE A HEART!
THIS IS
YOUR LAST CHANCE.
IF HE CHEATS AGAIN,
THEN IT'S NO MORE
MR. NICE GUY!
THANKS, COMMISH!
WHOO-HOO!
BIG BROTHER STORIES
GET ME EVERY TIME.
I HAVEN'T SEEN
YUGI ALL DAY.
I HOPE THAT
EVERYTHING'S ALL RIGHT.
ISHIZU SAID HE HAD
TO ENTER THIS TOURNAMENT
TO SAVE THE WORLD FROM
AN ANCIENT EVIL,
BUT WHO KNOWS
WHEN THAT EVIL WILL SHOW UP?
ALL I KNOW FOR SURE IS
THAT WHEN IT DOES,
WE'LL ALL BE THERE
TO STAND BY HIM!
HA! ARE YOU
ACCUSING ME
OF FAKING
ALL MY PSYCHIC ABILITIES?
NEXT TIME, MAKE SURE
THAT YOU READ
THE CARDS RIGHT,
YOU FOOLS!
TOO BAD,
'CAUSE I'M GETTING
A TELEPATHIC VISION
RIGHT NOW
THAT'S JUST GUARANTEED
TO COME TRUE.
YOU KNOW
YOU'RE A FRAUD!
WE'LL SEE WHO'S
A FRAUD WHEN I WIN
AND WHEN YOU--
YOU LOSE IN DISGRACE!
DREAM ON, PAL!
I DON'T NEED TO DREAM.
EVEN WITHOUT
MY PSYCHIC ABILITIES,
I'VE NEVER
LOST A DUEL...
AND I CAN TELL
THAT'S NOT GONNA CHANGE
ANY TIME
IN THE NEAR FUTURE!
ESPA, I DON'T HAVE
PSYCHIC POWERS...
BUT I DO HAVE
A BELIEF IN MYSELF
THAT A CHUMP
LIKE YOU'D
NEVER UNDERSTAND.
VERY POETIC.
BUT YOU'LL NEED MORE
THAN A BELIEF TO STOP ME
FROM BLASTING YOU
RIGHT OUT
OF THE TOURNAMENT!
HMM.
COME ON, JOEY.
I'M TIRED OF YAPPING
ABOUT THE FUTURE.
LET'S FINISH THIS
DUEL HERE AND NOW!
I PREDICT A NASTY END
FOR YOU, WHEELER.
RUMOR HAS IT,
WITHOUT YUGI TO HELP YOU,
YOU COULDN'T DUEL YOUR WAY
OUT OF A PAPER BAG.
WE'LL SEE
ABOUT THAT!
PREPARE TO TASTE
THE PSYCHIC POWER
OF MY DUELING DECK,
YOU AMATEUR.
BRING IT ON,
PSYCHO BOY!
[GRUNTING]
IT'S PSYCH-IC!
I'LL PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN ON THE FIELD
AND END MY TURN.
Joey, thinking:
HE'S GOT NO MONSTER
ON THE FIELD
TO HIDE BEHIND,
SO I CAN ATTACK HIM
HEAD-ON,
JUST LIKE
HE ATTACKED ME!
I JUST NEED
A GOOD CARD!
ALL RIGHT...
COME TO JOEY.
YEAH!
YEAH! LET'S SEE HIM
WRESTLE THIS GATOR!
NOW I'LL SUMMON...
ALLIGATOR'S SWORD!
MY TWO MONSTERS HAVE
A TOTAL ATTACK
STRENGTH OF 3000,
60 MORE THAN
HIS LIFE POINTS!
HEY ESPA!
I GOT A VISION
OF THE FUTURE,
AND YOU'RE NOT
IN IT!
YOU'RE DOOMED, ONCE
MY ALLIGATOR'S SWORD
IS DONE
WITH YOUR
LIFE POINTS.
AAH!
[BEEPING]
ALL RIGHT!
HEY, SERENITY,
ONE MORE MOVE
AND JOEY'LL
WIN THE DUEL!
[THINKING]
YOU CAN DO IT, JOEY.
DON'T GIVE UP,
BIG BRO!
YOU CAN STILL WIN!
I KNOW YOU CAN!
BE CAREFUL, JOEY.
KEEP UP YOUR DEFENSES!
[GROWLING]
YOUR TURN,
SWORDSMAN
OF LANDSTAR!
LET'S FINISH OFF
THIS FAKE!
IF YOU THINK I'M LETTING
YOU ATTACK ME TWICE,
YOU'RE CRAZY!
SO NOW I'M GONNA
ACTIVATE THE TRAP CARD,
MIND CONTROL!
UH...
THIS CAN'T BE GOOD.
HA!
ONCE A MONSTER FALLS
INTO MY MIND TRAP,
IT INSTANTLY BECOMES
MY BRAINWASHED SERVANT!
[THINKING]
I DON'T GET IT.
WHY DIDN'T
ESPA SPRING
THE TRAP CARD
DURING MY
FIRST ATTACK?
Yugi, thinking:
IF ESPA HAD SPRUNG
MIND CONTROL
WHEN ALLIGATOR'S SWORD
ATTACKED,
HE COULD HAVE USED
THE BRAINWASHED GATOR
TO ATTACK JOEY'S
SWORDSMAN OF LANDSTAR.
BUT HE WAITED TO USE IT
ON JOEY'S SWORDSMAN.
COME ON, JOEY, YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS.
THERE'S ONLY ONE
REASON HE'D WAIT...
HE WANTS TO
SACRIFICE
MY SWORDSMAN!
HUH!
FOR WHEN HE DOES--
[LAUGHING]
I'LL BE READY
FOR HIM.
I PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY MOVE!
IT'S SHOW TIME!
I'LL SACRIFICE
YOUR SWORDSMAN OF LANDSTAR,
AND I'LL SUMMON JINZO!
THE END IS NEAR,
WHEELER!
[THINKING]
COME ON, CHROME DOME,
TAKE YER BEST SHOT.
I GOT A TRAP CARD
READY AND WAITIN'
FOR YA!
HA! YOU'D BETTER HOPE
YOUR FACEDOWN CARD
ISN'T A TRAP,
'CAUSE IF IT IS
MY NEXT MOVE MAY
DISAPPOINT YOU!
SHOW YOUR STUFF,
JINZO!
[GROWLING]
AH! MY TRAP!
WITH JINZO
ON THE FIELD,
ALL YOUR TRAP CARDS
ARE USELESS!
I FORESEE THE FINISH!
WITH NO DEFENSES,
JINZO WILL DESTROY YOU
IN NO TIME AT ALL,
AND YOU'LL BE OUT
OF THE TOURNAMENT
FOR GOOD, WHEELER!
I CAN'T LET HIM WIN!
[GRUNTING]
♪♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH!
KING OF GAMES ♪
[ECHOING]
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪